hello how's it going on that this is
your first time viewing a video on this
channel hi my name is la Morgan but
today isn't actually about me so much as
it is about you and I guess why you and
me are getting along so well so a couple
weeks ago I was going through like a
bunch of comments at one time I try to
like if I'm gonna do it I like machine
gun as many comments as possible because
if I do a little bit and I see like a
bad one then it like I'm like I'm
rhyming but yeah so I was going through
and just trying to get a feel for for
you guys a little bit more and when I
found was a lot of comments actually
like I was laughing at we're like
chuckling about and so it made me wonder
like who are you guys that are actually
like I don't know I feel like you have
similar a lot of clever comments and I
get very it's it too it's this weird
issue of pride for me because I think
you cool but anyway I've got curious
about you and I discovered something
called YouTube analytics which I already
knew about but I don't go to a very
often but I dived into it recently and
I'm really excited about what I found so
I'm gonna share that with you you
probably know if you're a male or a
female and if you don't you can ask your
parents but you might want to know who
else is watching this while you're
watching it and in case you're wondering
if you're a dude you make up sixty-two
percent of who is watching it and if
you're female you make up thirty eight
percent of it which is you know I think
it's a pretty good pretty good split
what's interesting though is that we're
going to dive into the male's first my
biggest demographic overall hold on let
me double check that 15.9 for jumpers
it's yeah my biggest demographic is
males between the ages of 18 and 24
which is like right in college which i
think is really cool but my second to as
in number doe number dosent of a trace
for male demographic is the 13 to 17 age
range and the 25 to 34 are like in a
dead heat with each other which i think
is kind of cool it's just fun you know
computers and then in case you were
wondering one-point-eight percent of my
viewers are males above the age of 65 so
in which case hello sir and to all of
the others what up dudes and then moving
on to the females I have 0.7 percent our
female above the age of 65 so ma'am
thank you for watching I I thank you for
joining me on this vlogging adventure I
hope your you're doing well
and then my biggest female demographic
now remember the biggest male
demographic is 18 to 24 my biggest
female demographic is 13 17 I can't
imagine why and then I've like 25 to 34
year old females are not that interested
in me out coming in at four point eight
percent so that's kind of interesting my
biggest is the United States but more
fun let me see if I can find a witch
this is ironic because its audience
retention and I'm not being entertaining
right now which means you dropping like
flies the my average view duration is
two minutes and 17 seconds which means
you've already stopped watching I love
you have a wonderful day goodbye